Project Name: Hamad Milkshake

This project is a website that promotes the milkshake, originally a milkshake menu named the Hamad milkshake in Escape the New York pizza restaurant, from our 30 minute video. Through my website, the users will be able to learn what types of milkshakes are being sold, read and write reviews on the products, and choose certain menus of the milkshake and purchase them. Our video was an advertisement of this milkshake so consequently I decided to have the website’s concept as a milkshake company’s advertising and selling milkshakes, with a theme of modern online shopping mall. Originally, since our video’s concept was a cheesy comedy advertisement, I also wanted to have a cheesy old style website theme. However, when it came to the design aspect, the cheesy theme came into conflict with the online shopping website concept since the design looked too unappealing. It simply didn’t look good for the website and the milkshakes. Thus in order to keep the concept and the theme consistent, I implemented a new theme of a modern online shopping website. As a part of the storytelling process of our video, my website would have posters and descriptions of the milkshake to persuade the users to purchase them. As a part of this persuasion, I set up a few calls to action such as searching through the milkshake menu or to press the purchase button and fill in the credit card information to purchase. Through these kinds of devices, I hoped that the user experience of this website would be an online shopping experience on a website for specific products: milkshakes. 

As mentioned above, my original theme of this website was a cheesy style. But during the process of implementing it with awkward color schemes and inelegant placements of texts and images, the consequent design of this implementation had a very unappealing design. Thus, I changed my theme to a modern shopping mall website and implemented it by getting rid of the colors, having stylish fonts with underlines for title texts, and leaving extra white spaces in between elements to provide the sense of “the less the better”. This was achieved by having larger margins and by using the html hr element placed under the titles. I also utilized more seriously styled fonts such as Times New Roman with bigger font sizes for titles to contrast the description texts. I implemented the concept of an online shopping mall by adding purchase options, providing reviews with a function where the users can upload their own reviews, and adding the storytelling element of description of the company selling the milkshakes and adding posters that advertised the milkshakes. This was achieved using javascript functions of editing html p1 elements and adding popup functions connected to the html button element. In the popup window, I also utilized the html input elements to allow the user to put in their credit card information, and had an additional button element that would call the close window function for the user’s convenience. Additionally, before the popup window would close, it would alert the user with a thank you message via javascript alert function to notify the user that the purchase was made. Finally, to strengthen the concept of an online shopping website, I came up with three different milkshake types and provided a different html page for each of those products. The link to those pages were connected by the images of those milkshake in the main page, and to guide the user back to the homepage, I added a floating milkshake button that had a call to action to click by changing the image to an instruction “click to homepage” when the mouse was hovered on. The users can also visit the different milkshake product page by hovering over the product menu which will toggle the three milkshake options and by clicking them, it will direct the users to that milkshake’s page. All of this was achieved by the hover class using css and connecting links via images or text through html <a href> tag. 
  
Reflecting on my project, I am very satisfied with the end product despite having to make some changes from my initial planning. It was a learning experience of having a concept in mind not meeting up to my expectations in actual implementations. Although my original expectations weren’t satisfied, in the end I am still glad that I made the decision to change the theme since it was a better way of achieving my goal. Thus, despite having such an issue, my goal of having an online shopping website was still met, just with different implementations. 
